SALES ASSOCIATE           Summary     To
further my career in sales, customer satisfaction and grow in business
development.       Highlights          Bi-lingual   Exceptional customer service skills      Established track record of exceptional sales results    Compelling leadership skills     Trained in business development            Accomplishments     
Awarded 4 times best Sales Representative on a row in 2014,Awarded customer services excellence twice in 2014 and Awarded Top Sales Rep for 2015        Experience      Sales Associate    September 2017   to   Current     Company Name   －   City  ,   State      exceed sales goals by up to 224% by implementing strategic sales tactics  generate new leads by creating professional relationships within the OTF community, as well as business to business and community outreach.      Going above for my clients as it relates to our member's experience; ensuring that members and potential members have a positive and lasting experience    Assisting the Studio Manager with keeping the team, clients motivated and smiling friendly positive environment   increasing revenue in retail for the studio and exceeding retail goal on a monthly basis  conducting telephone calls, following previous prospects and new joins   Proper on-boarding all OTF clients by utilizing the Client In Take Form, proper hand on  and hand off with coaches      ​    ​         Sales Representative     July 2016   to   September 2016     Company Name   －   City  ,   State        Established
new customer accounts.
  Updated
database with customer and sales information.
  Generated
high volume of referrals.
  Cold-called
prospective customers to build relationship          Residential Sales Specialist    January 2013   to   January 2016     Company Name   －   City  ,   State      Responsible
of selling TV cable, internet and phone services onsite properties.
  Increase
penetration to 97% on revenue on multiple properties.

 

internet and
phone services install.
  Managing VIP
and Major customer's accounts
Upsold
add-on services to existing customers, generating incremental revenue.    
Trained
sales teams on educational products at seminars and special events.
  Worked
closely with company executives to identify new business opportunities,
securing.
Prepared
monthly commissions payroll reports for 10+ sales representatives.
  Answered
customers' questions about products prices, availability, uses and credit
terms.
  Developed
and executed annual sales plans and strategies for Miami and West Palm territory.   Monitored market conditions, product innovations and competitor activity, and adjusted account sales approach to address latest market developments.            Education      Media Production
Not yet graduated.   :     2004    The Art Institute of Ft. Lauderdale   －   City  ,   State              High School Diploma   :     2002    Coconut Creek High School   －   City  ,   State              Academic High School Graduate                  Languages    Fluent in Spanish      Skills    billing, credit, customer service, Experienced in FileMaker, Managing Major Accounts, VIP Customers, Media Production, managing new construction properties, great selling skills, supervisor and exceptional customer services skills.