SALES ASSOCIATE           Summary     Dependable, hard-worker with over  seven  years of experience in  maintenance work.        Skills          Dependable independent worker  Customer service skills  Good at following instructions      Customer service experience  Solid communication skills  Strong work ethic            Experience      Sales Associate    August 2013   to   December 2013     Company Name   －   City  ,   State     
















Responsibilities:
   
Make the customer happy  Great customer services  Perform
assigned/unassigned tasks Face-front/Organize shelves and bays    

Skills Used:   Good oral/communication skills   Able to lift heavy objects   ALWAYS
put the customer first           Lawn Care Technician    May 2013   to   September 2013     Company Name   －   City  ,   State     
















Responsibilities:

   Lawn Mowing- Edging, Weed whipping, Blowing grass and debris off
pavement and structures,and 20 in. lawn mower was primarily my
responsibilities.   Learned how to use the 36, 42 in. mowers and rider.  Gardening/Landscaping- Maintain gardens by cultivating and weeding,
and mulching.     Snow Plowing-Snow blow/shovel driveways and sidewalks. Salt
afterwards. Preform tasks quickly with minimal mistakes    

Skills Used:   Learned
how to use plenty of mowing/landscaping equipment (36,42 inch blades, rider
etc.)           Handyman    January 2009   to   July 2016     Company Name   －   City  ,   State     Handyman Services including-    Window/gutter cleaning  Power washing/staining decks    Power washing houses   Painting Repairing (from little tasks like screens and windows to larger tasks like a basement.)   Snow Plowing.          Education      High School Diploma   :     2011    Avondale High School   －   City  ,   State                Liberal Arts  ,   2013    Clackamas Community College   －   City  ,   State      Liberal Arts          Liberal Arts  ,   2016    Oakland Community College   －   City  ,   State              Personal Information    Hard worker and fast learner. Always able to compete a task on time
and with satisfaction.      Skills    Jack of all trades. Can perform all typesof handiwork and any task necessary.